Xiao Yan bullshit can't waste
Dare to fight with the head of the restaurant
Hey
Blind estimates that so many years
You didn't even find her bed, did you?
Now that you've regained your sight
That son will let you see
Let's do something. What are you talking about?
Isn't it cheap for nothing, this waste?
adulterer
What are you looking at?
Look again, this lady is not yours anymore
You are blind
What qualifications do you have to be my fiancé?
How dare you chase after here?
I think you deserve to be blind
Somebody gouge out his eyeballs for me
yo'er
Toxic waste
How dare you hit my woman?
Bat
This dog trash
Are you all right?
scram
The wizard dares to hit me
Class leader
Kill him now
You kid got hit by me
Why is it okay so soon?
It's this jade
What are you still doing?
Then die now
Brother Biao is Fan Ruoli's subordinate
Fan Ruoli mistakenly thought I was the Dragon King again
I want to go out alive today
I have to use my strengths
I just used a bitter drama
I just want everyone to see this couple clearly
The face of a prostitute
You are just a hall master
How can you hurt me?
Who are you really?
Eight mountains and nine seas are exclusive to me
I am the owner of Dragon King Store
Supreme Dragon King